DataGrid: Edit isBand and nested columns options (#1211)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/isBand.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies whether the column bands other columns.

Reviewer: What do you mean when you say that a "column bands other columns"? Are you talking about banded columns (every other column is shaded)?

Author: @albertov05 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66619750/91981384-70362b00-ed31-11ea-97ef-969aa03f87b4.png)
Yes, I am talking about banded columns. In this picture, the main band column is `Nominal GDP` and the banded columns are `Total, mln` and `By Sector`. The `By Sector` column is in its turn a band column. Its banded columns are `Agriculture`, `Industry`, and `Services`.

Reviewer: Thank you. I understand now. Can we say:

```suggestion
Specifies whether the column organizes other columns into bands.
```

Author: Yes.

Reviewer: Thanks, please apply my suggestion.

---

> Unlike normal columns, band columns do not hold data. Instead, they collect two or more columns under one column header. To create such a layout, do one of the following:

Reviewer: `Instead, they collect two or more columns under one column header.`

Can you clarify what you mean here?

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66619750/91981685-e0dd4780-ed31-11ea-83f8-09b90cd8baa8.png)
In this picture, the `Nominal GDP` column collects the `Total, mln` and `By Sector` columns under its header.

Reviewer: Thanks. Can we say the following?

```suggestion
Unlike standard columns, banded columns do not contain data. Instead, a banded column is a column header that displays two or more columns underneath it. To create a banded layout, do one of the following:
```

Author: No, because banded columns contain data (e.g.: Agriculture, Inductry, Services columns from my previous comment). 
It's better to change "Instead, a banded column is a column header that displays two or more columns underneath it." to "Instead, a band column  collects two or more columns under its header." because a band column is a column, not a header.
Thus the paragraph is as follows:
'''
Unlike standard columns, band columns do not contain data. Instead, a band column  collects two or more columns under its header. To create a banded layout, do one of the following:
'''
Is it good?

Reviewer: I have a minor change request. I was not able to find instances of "band columns" in Microsoft's documentation, so would it be okay to change this to "banded columns"? For example:

```suggestion
Unlike standard columns, banded columns do not contain data. Instead, a banded column collects two or more columns under its header. To create a banded layout, do one of the following:
```

Author: Nevertheless, in DevExtreme, band (not banded) column is used: https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/117796/controls-and-libraries/data-grid/visual-elements/common-elements/band-column
That's why the paragraph should be 
"""
Unlike standard columns, band columns do not contain data. Instead, a band column collects two or more columns under its header. To create a banded layout, do one of the following:
"""

Is it alright?

Reviewer: Okay, I understand.

> * [Nest column configurations inside each other]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/columns/).

Reviewer: Can you clarify what you mean here? (I'm not quite sure how you nest a column configuration.) For example, do you mean:

`Nest one column within another.`

Author: I mean such a structure that nests `columns` options.
e.g.:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66619750/91982295-b344ce00-ed32-11ea-9701-7b3d53105070.png)

Reviewer: Thank you. Can we say the following?

```suggestion
* [Create nested column configurations]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/columns/).
```

Author: Yes, it's better.

Reviewer: Thank you. Please apply the suggestion.

* Specify the **isBand** and [ownerBand]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/#ownerBand) options inside the [customizeColumns]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#customizeColumns) function.

> The following code uses the **isBand** and **ownerBand** options to band the *"City"*, *"Street"*, and *"Apartment"* columns under the *"Address"* header:

Reviewer: Could you show me what the result would look like (for my understanding)?

Author: This is what it would look like:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66619750/91982680-4847c700-ed33-11ea-957e-7bba74c56323.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code uses the **isBand** and **ownerBand** options to display the *"City"*, *"Street"*, and *"Apartment"* columns under the *"Address"* band:
```
